>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
we have some challenges, and
we're really gonna take our time on this.
So this is, I think an opportunity for
us to just reiterate, and
reinforce what we did yesterday.
And so
we're gonna kind of do this challenge, and
you can do it in your working
branch that you're on.
And this is, really for all intents and
purposes, just kind of,
it'll live in parallel.
And you can just leave it, or at the end
of the review, we can just throw it away.
But, what I need is in
your working example,
we're going to create
a new review feature.
And so what does that mean?
File structure, a component class,
and a template.
So you can do tablet URL,
you can do it in line.
It's up to you.
And then, I think this is where
some people are a little fuzzy.
And so, this is good practice.
Make it available to the rest
of your application.
Then, what I'd like,
is for you to display the review component
in the application via its HTML selector.
Also, display the review component
in the application via a route.
And from there, I'd like to do
some binding within that template.
So simple property,
as well as just create a simple array,
and display the array in the template.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so, I'm fairly
ambivalent about what the array looks,
like or whatever, so
you guys can use whatever you want.
But I want us to take a moment,
review what we've learned yesterday,
and put it into action by
creating a review component.